Excellent.
Our next topic is semantic age the AMA.
OK.
What does that mean.
Well in general that means that you use specific elements to structure your content instead of Dave.
This Dave dad's band this band that usually email semantic tags are no different than regular tags.
Their syntax remains the same.
We can still add classes we can still add ideas to them and we can style them from the CSA as using
the elements selectors.
However they do provide us with a structure and their content gives a browser idea of what to do and
how to do it.
Using semantic tags also improves your site's accessibility for let's say a screen readers and keyboard
navigation.
I would suggest though not to get too worked up about it because you have more important things to worry
about.
And since using them will seem natural.
The more projects you are gonna build anyway.
Okay so how do we can start working with HCM all semantic tags.
First of all I guess we're going to get rid of everything that we have to.
Then we're also gonna head over to in their session email and kind of give you an idea how before age
the AML semantic tags came along we were writing the email and CFS.
Let's say we had some kind of NAV so we wrote here Dave.
Then they have a class of NAV.
So within the NAV we placed everything that we had in.
Now again I'm just going to use three dots to give you an idea.
Then let's say you had some kind of a header and you had a div and class and then here were writing
the banner and so on so forth.
So again we can write Dave class and let's say this is gonna be four and hopefully you understand the
idea.
While this is technically Okay first of all it doesn't structure anything in your content you're just
looking at 10000 deaths and that doesn't really make sense as well.
It doesn't tell you the browsers anything what is happening within your content.
And like I said also the accessibility is an issue because screen readers are not going to differentiate
between them now what would be the solution.
First of all let me say the styles here and we will gonna be looking at very general examples because
like I said as we're working with the projects we all gonna be using those elements and it's not like
just because we're at the element our site is gonna break or anything like that.
Like I said also before I wouldn't really worry about it too much anyway right now because the more
projects you're going to build the more semantic tags you're going to use the more you're going to remember
them understand them and life is gonna be easier for you.
Okay so we're all going to be looking we can just say Monty.
It's not semantics semantic age the amount we can maybe try this one and they pretty much spit you back
everything that there is about semantic.
First maybe we can look at the images and the general idea would be like this where for the header and
let's say we're going to be use the header element and we're gonna want an element then section section
is gonna represent some kind of code.
Then let's say a side and the footer and what's happening again we can add ideas to this.
We can have the classes for this.
We can place the content here and just because you add this h the email tag your h the email or CSA
is not going to break.
It's just gonna give you a structure where you're looking at your like Okay.
So this is gonna be my header where I'm going to have the header.
Okay.
So this is gonna be my now and the same way the browser is gonna work.
And the screen readers will understand what is happening now.
Like I said we will gonna be covering this way more in the project because we're just gonna use them.
So that's the best way how to actually cover this is just to use those elements.
Now if you do want to research more again you can go to W3 three schools where they again explain everything
what is happening and why would you use them.
I will gonna do my explanations as we're working with the project because this is just makes more sense
and in general the idea what we are simple will just go with some kind of header.
Then there's going to be footer and then everything else I'm going to be structuring within the sections
and then within the section let's say if I would want something separate we'll just gonna.
I don't know setup the article or something like this.
We can place the NAV within the header we can use the header within the section there is you know you
can have multiple options.
It's not has a rigid as you think right now just because you learned about them doesn't mean that it's
exactly how you need to use them.
Yeah there's some general ideas behind them you probably wouldn't want to put the footer whereas the
header.
But again if I would be you I really wouldn't lose too much sleep about it.